High within the section where are you going to learn how to work with databases with a tool called core
data in order to do that.
You going to build an art book in which our user will actually save the art that he or she would like.
Suppose that she is going through a museum and she likes the Mona Lisa.
She takes a picture of it and she saves the picture.
She writes down the name of the art.
OK.
Like Mona Lisa.
Here she writes down the painter and the year that this painting has been created.
And she says it is art by clicking on this plus button OK and choosing the image that she has taken.
So suppose that we are going to save the starry nights next.
So she choses this picture.
OK.
From the gallery.
And it shows up as you can see.
And she says that she is staring down the starry nights.
And the artist is one go.
And the year that this painting has been created is nineteen hundred.
As you can see it shows up in the list.
And if she clicks on this she sees the details of the picture or details of the art that has been saved
before.
Where are we going to learn how to do that within databases.
So as you can see we're going to learn a lot more things in this app as well.
For example how to choose an image from the gallery.
How to make this bottom are not clickable.
How to make this bottom invisible.
How to just save all this information in a database so that even if this app gets closed or opened up
later on this information will stay on.
We're going to see how to delete those information from database as well.
So this is going to be great in order to practice working with local databases and by local I mean we're
storing all of this information in the memory of the iPhone.
So if you're ready we're going to sup here and we're going to continue within the next lecture by creating
our project and doing the initial setup for core data.